## General information

- The UdpSocket template class is a wrapper of Linux socket interface.

- It supports both versions of IP addresses.

- Like the std::unique_ptr class, it is movable only.

- It is not thread-safe.

- By default, receive call is thread-blocking. 
  This behavior could be changed to non-blocking by setting the receive timeout.

- For usage see unit tests.

## Caution

*Repository includes Google Test submodule. You need to clone it to build unit tests.*

    git submodule update --init --recursive

## Building and cleaning

- It is recomended to use cmake **out of source build** to avoid making mess in the source folder.

    - Create cmake build directory above UdpSocket directory where sources are cloned. Example:

        mkdir -p ../build

    - Go to cmake build directory

        cd ../build

- Building

    Before generating Makefile please read about options you can pass to cmake.

        -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=    Build type: Debug | Release | RelWithDebInfo

    - Generate Makefile running cmake inside cmake build directory (Example for Debug build):

        cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ../UdpSocket

    - Build whole project

        make -jX
        where "X" is parallel jobs

- Clean

    - To clean up files generated by compiler run:

        make clean
        in cmake build directory

    - To completely remove all generated files remove cmake build directory:

        rm -rf build

## Testing

For running unit tests use:

    ./utest/unit_test
